Beware you are awake
There's nothing wrong with you
How are you looking?
Brother-in-law
He is afraid of losing you
You stay at home from now on
Don't go anywhere.
We're not talking about becoming
Qualified delivery clerks and cashiers?
When you were unconscious
Grandma Anna
So you exposed President Anna
The vest is so hard to hide
I don't have to hide you anymore
You don't need to look for a vest anymore
How do you know my nickname?
My nickname is Xuan Xuan
It's your grandma.
Find you the grandson of the deceased
Really. Hmm.
Really tossing around
In the end it was the two of us
I found out the driver who hit my sister-in-law
I found Yanyan
I'll be right back.